All right.
So now we're going to see how we can see all this information in a graphical user interface.
And also the evaluation metrics and telemetric informations from this particular execution that we are
doing from the Lange chain.
We can use this ecosystem tool which is called as the Lange Smith as I was talking about before.
So in order for me to use this Lange Smith, I'm going to go to the Lange Smith over here.
So I'm going to go Lange chain Lange Smith and sign up.
As I told you, I already got an account so I can just start using it from there.
I already have got a project over here for the observability, but I'm going to create a new project
in order to work with it.
So in order to do that, I'm going to hit this setup tracing over here.
And now you see that once I hit that, it is going to give me an option here that gets out of the Lange
Smith setup observability.
And with Lange chain without Lange chain.
So you can use this observability either with the Lange chain which we are doing at the moment.
Or you can also do without Lange chain as well.
So if you're going to be using some other tools but you still want to do observability.
You can also do that as well with Lamb-smith.
As you can see.
But because you're going to be using a long chain, and the long chain has got all the dependencies
and support package, with the long chain, you don't have to really install any of these right now.
But the first important thing that we have to do are the most important thing.
The important thing that we have to do at this time is we need to copy these things into our dot env
file that I created earlier.
This is something which is required for us to tell me that we need to do the lamb-smith tracing, and
the end point is this one.
And the API key is the one that I'm going to be generating right now.
And then there is the project name and then there is this open API key if you have any.
But because we are just using our local LM, we don't even have to have the open AI, uh, API key there,
right?
So I'm just going to leave that guy as it is.
And now let's go and hit generate API key is that it's going to generate an API key.
It's going to append it for me over there.
And I can give a name to this particular project if I wanted to.
So I can give the name of the project, uh, whichever that I'm going to be using.
So I'm going to say, uh, maybe I'm just going to do it later on.
I'm going to copy.
Or maybe you can give the project name here.
Look at that.
So I'm going to say, uh, execute automation, um, uh, lang chain uh, training.
And that's going to be my, uh, project name, which I'm going to be, uh, setting up, I guess it's
already created, but just that it is not coming up over there.
But let's go to the env file and paste this command that I just copied.
So this is the env file which is required for me to communicate with our Lang Smith using this API key
that I have got, and also the project name that I have got.
I'm going to use this particular details over there.
And now I need to load this env file, uh, from within my code.
So how do I actually do that.
Well I'm going to load the env file.
Maybe I'm going to put a markdown here so that you can read it through uh load uh env file.
Uh and I'm going to say Dick, and I'm gonna add the code there so that you can see how we can do it.
So I'm going to say from dot env uh, import a load dot env and I'm going to say load um is equal to
load underscore dot env.
And the env file is going to be the dot env file.
Uh over here.
Maybe this is the dot env file.
But I think because this env file is outside of this particular directory.
So we need to just do uh dot dot dot slash dot dot slash dot env something like that.
Maybe that is the uh that is the path that the env file is sitting.
We can actually check that from using the uh, the code something like this.
So we can just say uh, import OS and then we can just say print um, and os dot get env and the env
file that I wanted to.
The variable that I want to verify is the Lang Smith API for that matter.
So I'm just going to say this, I'm going to save this.
And if I execute it, you should see that the Lamb-smith API key is coming up for me over here.
The same thing, right?
Which means it is currently working for me.
So that is loaded.
Which is which is great.
So now the env file is loaded and once it is loaded then we can pretty much good to go.
I mean we can now try to see our response is going to come in up into the lamb-smith.
And now if you try to run this particular large language model code that we were running before, and
if I go back to our, um, our lamb-smith over here, and if I try to refresh it, you should see our
exclamation lang chain training coming up.
And you will notice that we have got some trays here.
Look at that.
The chat olama it says, hello, how are you doing today?
You have asked this question as a human and the output is coming.
Coming up as an AI over here that hello, I'm a digital assistant so I don't have feeling or physical
sensation, blah blah blah.
So this is coming from this 2.5 large language model that we have got and it has got 82 token been spent
a number of time it has took to give the response.
And all those metadata are going to are going to be coming up for you over here.
So this is proving the point that now you have got a user interface with all these details that you
were seeing in the, uh, over here as a response, like these things, these, uh, details are now
visible to you pretty much like an entire information over here in the GUI interface.
These things are going to be even more helpful while you're going to go and write complex large language
model applications.
So observability becomes a key.
And this lamb-smith is going to be very, very helpful during that particular point of time.
So that proves the point that we have now written quite a lot of things to wire up the code with our
actual Lamb-smith with that in place now, you are pretty good to go to have all the foundation ready
for writing the first chat operation with the large language model using Lang chain.